Add Sphinx Docu (#5)
echemdb/autotag-metadata: README.md

```yaml
time metadata: 'YYYY-MM-DDThh:mm:ss' # created by autotag-metadata
measurement file name: measurement001.csv # created by autotag-metadata
measurement file sha512: XXX # created by autotag-metadata
# the following information was derived from a pre-defined set of metadata
experimentalist: Max Mustermann
supervisor: John Doe
project: degradation
equipment:
  - temperature sensor XY
  - color probe 2.0
starting temperature:
  value: 300
  unit: K
```

# Installation instructions

Detailed installation instructions can be found in our [documentation](https://echemdb.github.io/autotag-metadata).

## Windows

The latest installer and/or executable can be found in the [release section](https://github.com/echemdb/autotag-metadata/releases).

Launch the program from th start menu.

> Multiple instances of the program can be launched to observe different folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple instances of the program can be launched to watch different folders for file creations.
```

## Terminal

**Requirements**

* *Windows*: A terminal such as [Git Bash](https://gitforwindows.org/).
* *All*: Download and install the appropriate [miniconda package](https://docs.conda.io/en/latest/miniconda.html) or [micromamba package](https://mamba.readthedocs.io/en/latest/user_guide/micromamba.html) for your platform.
* *All*: Check if `pip` is installed, else `conda install pip` or `mamba install pip`.

**Installation**

Open a terminal and execute (*Windows*: right click on a folder and choose `Git Bash` from the context menu.)

```sh
pip install git+https://github.com/echemdb/autotag-metadata
```

*Windows*: Create an icon in the start menu

```sh
desktop-app install autotag_metadata
```

**Starting Autotag-Metadata**

```sh
python -m autotag_metadata
```

> Multiple instances of the program can be launched to observe different folders.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Multiple instances of the program can be launched to watch different folders for file creations.
```
